Andy higham in here for USC football
calm I'm alongside USC quarterback max
Wittek max is a little bit of a hotter
day out here today for you guys Howard
you do how was your performance it was
cool I mean you know it was hotter out
here the coach is kind of shortened down
the practice a little bit got us into
the competition periods quicker which is
what we all we all want we want to get
in those competition periods I think we
had a great day of practice you know we
executed on offense in a lot of
different situations so that was really
good to see how do you focus on your
individual game with this quarterback
battle and not just like keep thinking
about all the hype going into it
everything right I just you know just
try to make smart decisions every day
you know really just play within the
system you know you don't need to be
going to look to make big plays on every
single play you know the system really
allows for that to happen and also the
athletes that we have allows for that to
happen you know just hitting these guys
on five yard routes they take it you
know 30 40 50 yards so you know that's
just part of being here at USC over the
past few days you've had a noticeable
improvement where you're just hitting
your targets and whatnot it was there
anything that you know signal batteries
are just getting to the swing of fall
camp no just really getting in the swing
of things getting a lot of chemistry
with a lot of different guys out here
really focusing on making the right
decision and just getting the ball into
my athletes hands you know they that's
that's when the fun starts you know once
i get them the ball let them work with
space just trying to get them in the
best position so that they can make a
play a few weeks ago you and cody
kessler attended jets west and got to
hang out with former USC quarterback
mark sanchez did he give you any advice
or any tips of how to you know carry
through with this quarterback battle not
not particularly you know we were just
kind of there to help him out he was the
only quarterback there so he was
throwing every single pass you know but
really just to kind of be around the
atmosphere of NFL you know obviously
it's not a training camp or anything but
just to see the
pick up in the pace and the size of
people in the speed was really
impressive you know and of course he had
a couple words of wisdom but nothing
really moving into the quarterback
competition or anything two weeks from
today is the season opener against
hawaii over over in the islands are you
excited at all are you still focusing in
on camp mode I think our motto really
throughout the entire camp has been the
most important day of the year and of
our season is today you know and
tomorrow it'll be that day really we
just trying to take it one day at a time
and you know build build ourselves as a
team and as an offense you know so we
just taking one day at a time but
obviously we can't wait to finally line
up against a different color thanks max
from Howard Jones field I'm and E Hagin
in log on to USC football calm for more